# Vortex TSC Meeting - 2025-11-25 10:30 ET

* [Community Calendar](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meetings/vortex)
* [Zoom Link](https://zoom-lfx.platform.linuxfoundation.org/meeting/92662354066?password=ecfc8600-32d4-4fb8-b514-6cc7617945a4)

Agenda to be sent around 24 hours before the meeting.
To propose agenda items or discussion topics, please edit the [`Discussion Topics`](#discussion-topics) section
along with adding your name and organization to the list of attendees.

To cover everything, discussion may be time-constrained per topic.
Topics that require less discussion should be covered first.

## Agenda

* Welcome to inaugural Vortex TSC
* Votes
* Discussion Topics

### Votes

Any votes to be held during the meeting will be listed here.

- [ ] Alfonso Subiotto (Polar Signals) to join TSC as voting member

### Discussion Topics

To propose discussion topics, please add them here along with your name and organization in the attendees section.

- [ ] GPU Prototype Results + Next Steps (Robert Kruszewski, Spiral)
- [ ] API Stability (Nick Gates, Spiral)
- [ ] Integrations Roadmap + CTA (Nick Gates, Spiral)

## Action Items

This section will be filled in during the meeting and describes any action items assigned to attendees.

- [ ]

## Attendees

The list of attendees will be filled in during the meeting, along with any current affiliations.

### Voting Members (/13)

- [ ] Adam Gutglick (Spiral)
- [ ] Alex Droste (Spiral)
- [ ] Andrew Duffy (Spiral)
- [ ] Andy Pavlo (Individual)
- [ ] Carlo Curino (Individual)
- [ ] Daniel King (Spiral)
- [ ] Joseph Isaacs (Spiral)
- [ ] Marko Bakovic (Spiral)
- [ ] Nicholas Gates (Spiral)
- [ ] Onur Satici (Spiral)
- [ ] Robert Kruszewski (Spiral)
- [ ] Wes McKinney (Individual)
- [ ] Xinyu Zeng (Individual)

### Others

- [ ]
